c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\CapstoneProject.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\CapstoneProject.build.appxrecipe
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\CapstoneProject\layoverboxwebapp\windowsapp\CapstoneProject\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\CapstoneProject.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\CapstoneProject.build.appxrecipe
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\CapstoneMarchVersion\windowsapp\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bin\x86\Debug\CapstoneProject.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Hans\Desktop\CapstoneProjectNew\CapstoneProject\bld\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
